gen:locustella sp:naevia q>:C type:call
gen:alauda sp:arvensis q>:C type:call
gen:anthus sp:pratensis q>:C type:call
gen:emberiza sp:citrinella q>:C type:call
gen:emberiza sp:calandra q>:C type:call
gen:carduelis sp:spinus q>:C type:call
gen:anthus sp:trivialis q>:C type:call
gen:motacilla sp:alba q>:C type:call
gen:luscinia sp:megarhynchos q>:C type:call
gen:turdus sp:viscivorus q>:C type:call
gen:sitta sp:europaea q>:C type:call
gen:certhia sp:familiaris q>:C type:call
gen:acrocephalus sp:scirpaceus q>:C type:call
gen:sylvia sp:communis q>:C type:call
gen:sylvia sp:atricapilla q>:C type:call
gen:alopochen sp:aegyptiaca q>:C type:call
gen:ardea sp:cinerea q>:C type:call
gen:tachybaptus sp:ruficollis q>:C type:call
gen:rallus sp:aquaticus q>:C type:call
gen:fulica sp:atra q>:C type:call
gen:haematopus sp:ostralegus q>:C type:call
gen:numenius sp:arquata q>:C type:call
gen:tringa sp:totanus q>:C type:call
gen:columba sp:oenas q>:C type:call
gen:apus sp:apus q>:C type:call