gen:tyto sp:alba q>:C type:call
gen:motacilla sp:flava q>:C type:call
gen:pyrrhula sp:pyrrhula q>:C type:call
gen:buteo sp:buteo q>:C type:call
gen:chloris sp:chloris q>:C type:call
gen:garrulus sp:glandarius q>:C type:call
gen:athene sp:noctua q>:C type:call
gen:asio sp:otus q>:C type:call
gen:erithacus sp:rubecula q>:C type:call
gen:parus sp:major q>:C type:call
gen:troglodytes sp:troglodytes q>:C type:call
gen:phylloscopus sp:collybita q>:C type:call
gen:fringilla sp:coelebs q>:C type:call
gen:turdus sp:merula q>:C type:call
gen:cyanistes sp:caeruleus q>:C type:call
gen:turdus sp:philomelos q>:C type:call
gen:streptopelia sp:decaocto q>:C type:call
gen:garduelis sp:carduelis q>:C type:call
gen:columba sp:palumbus q>:C type:call
gen:sturnus sp:vulgaris q>:C type:call
gen:passer sp:domesticus q>:C type:call
gen:pica sp:pica q>:C type:call
gen:corvus sp:corone q>:C type:call
gen:regulus sp:regulus q>:C type:call
gen:prunella sp:modularis q>:C type:call
gen:periparus sp:ater q>:C type:call
gen:aegithalos sp:caudatus q>:C type:call
